the palote lopez garcia I am 21 years old
age my name is only the production
vásquez am 26 years old
always his life of violence at home
always hit me better wait until the
16 years and like that in alcohol
when my mom runs me from her house
house told me to get out with you
to live alone and as I took my revenge was
with him with the funk as he is already
whoever is playing and I forgot
my colony my neighborhood now yes that is one
of the bravest of Suarez is where
It was all he
the narcomenudeo of drugs
he did not feel bad because then I 'm from
Ciudad Juarez and I want my city and I
I say that is to encourage sport is what
better than encouraging us another kind of
substances that are not good for you
for your body
I have participating in street soccer this
year would be my third year duel for a
same with holland with crisis
with mexico argentina and with canada me
they gave the prize of the best caretaker of the
world
I am very happy very happy because it is
go to a European continent
I never really visualized it in my
feel in my thoughts but be the
opportunity and opportunities are not
twice twice only once I think it's
live the day and the moment
and represent your country is the most
already as it already had to affect us in
things that are not fears then order and
goal
change my house and get me out of my career
thanks to this strict project
I wanted foundation of the month that gives us the
opportunity
to train ourselves every day and be better
people that dreams are not
impossible and can be realized